Update migrate-files-migration-manager.md (#9940)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/moveto-microsoft-365/migrate-files-migration-manager.md

All the users should have signed in to Microsoft 365 for business and set up their OneDrive for Business. To do this, go to [office.com](https://office.com), sign in with your Microsoft 365 for business credentials, and then choose OneDrive.

> Currently this Migration Manager Google isn't available for any of the Government clouds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Currently, Migration Manager isn't available for Google on any of the Government clouds.
```
